bpo-38525: Fix a segmentation fault when using reverse iterators of empty dict (#16846)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-10-19-23-58-09.bpo-38525.CzEl2G.rst

> Fix dictreviter_iternext for empty :class:`dict` Patch by Dong-hee Na.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a segmentation fault when using reverse iterators of empty ``dict``
objects that were created as empty ``dict`` literals.  Patch by Dong-hee Na.
```
